Added pipeline relative path note (#100)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/install/releases.mdx

### Breaking changes
- Ingresses using the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation will be automatically updated by the okteto webhook and saved as `spec.ingressClassName` with the annotation removed

> - Okteto Pipelines are executed relative to the path where manifest is located.

Reviewer: `are executed relative to the path` -> @rberrelleza @RinkiyaKeDad do you find this clear enough? I think we should mention the implications, like any relative path in the manifest refers to the path where the manifest is located or something like that

Author: ok, i've added more context to the breaking change. let me know your thoughts thnks

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me now after the change!

> - Okteto Pipelines are executed relative to the path where manifest is located, all relative paths at the manifest will refer to this location.

Reviewer 2: Is this what you meant to say?

```suggestion
- Okteto Pipelines are executed relative to the path where manifest is located. All relative paths in the manifest will use the context of the subfolder where the manifest is defined.
```
